>> The universe was
made with questions.
And you think you are
here to bring answers.
The only thing
that opens the mind
is the question, not the answer.
You are here to
bring consciousness
on the question, not the answer.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Once Roma Amor finished,
I had no clue what
was the next step, no idea.
So I came back home and kind
of waited for what to do.
But something since
a long time ago
got stuck in my head related to
what some beings in Aconcagua
Mountain told me
in 2011, which was
to unite people with very
different points of view,
to work together.
And I said, what
is all this about?
And they said, your
real mission, ontocracy.
So I was trying to
look for what it meant.
So in Greek, ontos means being.
It's the self, the one self.
And cratos, cracy, is power--
so the power of the being.
We are used to hearing
the concept of democracy,
which is the power
of the people, demos
which is the population.
And after we did
Roma Amor, I said,
we have to do
something with this.
We have to create
something for ontocracy
and try to design a new society,
something transcendental,
something new that gives
the power back to the being,
not to the people.
So I was wondering how it's
possible to do something new,
something different like that.
And my guides told
me, well, Greek people
didn't have internet.
And today, each one
of the individuals
has the possibility
to have a word,
to have a choice to do
it not with someone that
represents them in a
Congress or parliament
or something like that.
That was an old
idea because that's
the only way a lot of people
can be represented in power.
But today, you
can make projects,
and people can help you
accomplish that project
besides the government.
So a new way of thinking
is going to come,
but in order for that to work,
each one of the individuals
must recognize what
is the inner power
to know what is their
part in all this.
So we have to prepare the ontos,
the being, in order to do it.
I had a dream when I was
designing all this that I
was in the middle of nowhere.
There was no one
there like a desert.
It was a land of no one.
I said, that's
the perfect place.
That would be a perfect
place if that place exists.
So I wrote in the internet
"a place of no one"
and came up a concept of Latin
times, the Roman Empire, which
was terra nullius.
Terra nullius means
a land of no one.
But there's only two or
three places in the world
that still today are weird,
because they are terra nullius.
And one of them is in Egypt.
That land is called
Bir Tawil, and it's
100 kilometers from the Nile
in the middle of the desert.
So I said, well, maybe I should
go there and do something.
So I was trying to figure
out the ways in which I could
do this ontocracy in
a place where there's
no constitution, where we could
start from the very beginning.
But suddenly, I
discovered that there
was a farmer from Virginia
that put a flag on it
and declare it the
kingdom of North Sudan.
So I said, well, I
have to meet him.
I have to have a meeting
with him and say,
if you already declare
it, you made a step
before so we can do
something different.
So I contact this
person from Virginia
and we agreed to have a
meeting in Washington, DC.
In that time, I had no clue
what I was going to do.
I don't have any purpose
that I thought in my mind.
So I was doing
congresses and people
were inviting me to do stuff.
And they invited me to
a congress in Miami.
So I accepted because I wanted
to go to Washington, DC.
And that was my way
to come to the States.
The funny thing was
that that same year,
I started to know my father.
I was kind of in touch with
him but not really close.
So he wanted to know
me a little bit better.
So he said, whenever
you have another trip,
I would love to
go with you so we
can travel together
and share and whatever.
So I said, well, I have
this trip to Miami.
But I said, I have
no clue what is
going to happen
because I go to Miami,
but then I have to
go to Washington, DC,
to meet the king of a
country that doesn't exist.
And his face was like, what?
Like, OK, I'll go anyway.
So in the congress, there
were 700 people listening
about what I was saying.
And after this meeting, a
lady came to me and said,
I need to talk to you.
And she said, I come from the
Confederation, the Galactic
Confederation, in behalf
of Ashtar Sheran, who
is the one in charge of the
fleet of the Confederation
around these planets.
And she said, they told me
to tell you that in June 21,
you have to be in Amantani
Island in Peru, the Lake
Titicaca, which was next week.
So I said, that's
impossible because I
have to go to LA because I
have a meeting with someone,
and those days is
the meeting in LA.
And she said, you have to
be there for the meeting.
It's important.
And the funny thing was that
when she left, my dad said,
who was this crazy lady?
Like, what is the
Galactic Confederation,
and what is happening?
And I said, don't worry.
It's just aliens, and
I'm working with them.
So he just wanted to
play golf and have fun,
but he ended up
in an alien story.
OK, so we went to
Washington, DC,
for the meeting with this king.
So we met with this person under
the Obelisk because I said,
it should be a special spot.
So we had this meeting
walking around the Obelisk
in Washington, DC.
It was very different
points of view
that we had of what was
meant to be with that land
and what Egypt represents for
the origin of civilizations
and the origin of
a new civilization.
For me, it was like,
we have to take
this opportunity that is Egypt.
It's not anywhere else.
It's a good place
to start a concept
of what is a new civilization.
So he didn't get the idea
what I was trying to say.
And I was not good at English at
that time to explain all this.
So we just left.
And again, my dad not
understanding anything
said, I have no clue about
what you're talking about,
but I don't think this
is going anywhere.
So I took his earthly advice.
So I said, yeah, you're right.
So let's go to LA and
see what happens there.
So in that moment,
I received a call,
and everything was
canceled in LA.
So my dad said,
so where do we go?
And I said, well, there's
only one answer, Peru.
Sadly, my dad was on an
airplane flying to Peru--
he had only clothes for summer,
and I took him 4,000 meters
above sea in winter.
So he was flying and saying,
why are we going there?
No, I have to go to a
temple, which is Pachatata,
the Temple of the Father.
And I didn't realize
at that moment
that I was going with my father.
Pachatata is a temple on the
top of Amantani Island in Peru
in the Lake Titicaca.
So we arrived to Puno to take
a boat to go to the island.
In the island, there's nothing.
They just receive
you in their houses
because there's
no hotel, nothing.
So we arrived there,
and I dressed him
like a Quechua person
because that was the only way
to keep him warm.
So I did everything all the
opposite that he would like to,
but he was kind of having fun.
So we went there with
other two friends
to Amantani Island, and the
21st, early in the morning,
we had to go to
Pachatata on the top
to have this meeting with
aliens that weren't there
because they were in hologram
in another dimension.
And only me could see them.
And so we went up
there, and I said,
you have to come with me because
it's the Temple of the Father.
And in South America,
it's the Father's Day.
So it was the Father's
Day in the Temple
of the Father with my
father and receiving
one of the fathers
of the Confederation.
So I had no clue what
was all that about.
And the message was,
in order to follow
what you are trying to do and
what you are meant to do here,
you have to accept
the father in you.
And I say, which father?
And they said, the
father of the universe,
the energy that represents
the father of all things.
And I recognized in
that moment that I was
raised with women all my life.
And for me was Earth all
the time so Mother Earth.
And I was doing everything
for Mother Earth.
According to my memories, that
was a matriarchal society.
And everything was
related to the mother,
and the father was not there.
And I realized that I was
missing this other energy
in order to do my mission.
That's why I needed
my father there
in the Temple of the
Father so the DNA can
be matched with that and
do a reconnection with all
this energy that I never had.
So it was all perfect
for that reconnection.
And the second step
after that reconnection
that I received in
that moment was,
you will be guided to do the
connection with the being,
with your feminine and masculine
sides in balance both together.
But before, you have
to go to Machu Picchu
to follow instructions.
So we went to Machu
Picchu, a place
that my dad said I
would never go there.
So I took him there again.
And when we were there
staring in the place,
the message was go
to this waterfall.
We went there, and there, we
received information of Egypt.
They said, you have
to go to Egypt.
And I just came from this
idea, oh, the land in Egypt.
So maybe I have to go there.
I have to go to South Egypt and
to do something with the flag
and put another flag.
I don't know, whatever.
But maybe I have to go there.
And my guides told me,
you have to go to Egypt
to receive the next information.
And you have to be prepared.
And I said, when?
And they said on your birthday.
And I received a message
from a friend saying,
do you want to go to Egypt?
I'll pay everything.
So I went, and I invited
three friends of mine
to accompany me so I wouldn't
be alone not knowing what to do.
And I had no clue about what
was expecting to be there.
So they said, maybe
what we should
do is to make
something different,
not to stay in the pyramids,
but to go to the temples.
And I have never been in the
temples before in this life.
So we arranged to go on a cruise
to every one of the temples
as my birthday present.
So we start to travel
there, and suddenly, I
start to feel like I was home.
I start to feel like it was OK.
Visiting the
temples made me feel
like I was not
running or feeling
the wrong part of
Egypt because I usually
went to Cairo, which is a mess.
But the South is so calm, and
the temples are so beautiful,
and there's all this
desert and green.
So it was very different,
and suddenly, I
could feel myself that
I was in my country,
that I was where I used to live.
So the energy
changed completely.
My relationship
with Egypt was going
through every one of the temples
like if I was going through
myself.
And I started to
remember, yes, this
is what we have done always
before going to the pyramid.
I made the mistake of going
to the pyramid before,
but before you go
to the pyramids,
you have to do the
path, the initiatic path
through the Nile.
So that time was perfect.
I was connecting with that,
connecting with the territory
before asking for permission
in every one of the temples,
feeling the energy
of some priests
and priestesses and
masters there that
were guiding me to
be ready for what is
going to happen in the pyramid.
And I had no clue what
was expecting to me.
So for my birthday, I
felt completely grounded
in the territory, and it was
like if my past self 12,000
years ago and my personality
today were matching,
and I was feeling, again, there.
Like, this is me.
This is all I am from
the past and the present.
And so once I felt
that, the day August 8,
the same friend gave
me the opportunity
to be alone inside the
pyramid for two hours.
I had no clue that you
could rent the pyramid.
That's something new.
And so we rented the
pyramid, and the four of us
got inside during the night
not knowing what to do,
what to expect.
When we were there,
each one of us
went to the main chamber, the
King's chambers, they call it.
And suddenly, we
just start to breathe
and felt all this huge
amount of energy coming up.
And that pushed me to
sing with some sounds
and suddenly to sing.
And suddenly, it
was not me anymore,
and there was someone else
singing through me an old song
in Atlantean language.
And the song was so beautiful
that eventually the other three
started to sing, too,
in different levels
like different parts of the
song, not with the language
but with singing.
And suddenly, it felt
like we were 200 people
inside the pyramid singing.
And suddenly, I started
to be someone else,
a very hard presence.
And a name started to be
there like Dhjahut, Serapis,
and many names that I have no
clue about, names of people
that I have never been in touch
with before, beings and masters
that I never felt the presence.
Kwan Yin, I had no clue who
she was, but she was there.
And other people from other
parts of the world, masters,
that they would start to
talk, and there was Djahut,
opening in the middle
of us like a sphere
and start to show me all the
network and how to connect it
and where are the spots and
show me the entire network
of consciousness of
the planet, showing me
how many people are doing
the job of connecting it
and what was my task in that.
And then every master
was telling something
different to complete the
data, the information that I
was supposed to
receive for that moment
because I was asking what I am
supposed to do with all this.
And his presence was there, and
a feminine presence was there,
and many others start to appear.
And he said, say
with me, "I am".
And he start, "I am the path.
I am the light.
I am.
I am."
And everyone started to say
this in different languages like
[NON-ENGLISH] and all the
languages start to resound all
together saying, "I am.
I am."
And suddenly, the I am
became only one word
that resounded
perfectly in the center.
[CHANTING]
And they said from
now on, the only way
to bring the power back to
the self is by saying "I am".
That was how I
understood and saw
that I had to bring the
message of the "I am"
again like many others are doing
into this spot of the planet.
And each one of the
masters were saying
their part of how to do it.
One's just saying
through love, say I am.
The other one's saying, you
have to go here, there, there,
there.
This is the way.
And so they gave
me all the planning
for the next seven years in
that moment, in those two hours.
And I saw all the places
I was supposed to go.
I saw a lot of people that
I had no clue who they were,
but they said, these
people are the ones that
will help you do this or that.
So it was like complete
information and just trust.
So when I saw all
this, I came back home,
and I brought all this
planning for seven years.
Like, we have to do all of this.
And suddenly, from not
having anything to do,
not knowing exactly what to
do, we have all this to do.
And the master said, you
cannot build a new society
if the people living in that
society don't know who they
are.
So that's why you cannot work
on building a society before you
have to remember that
society who they are.
And that's I am, I am.
So that's why in August 8, 2015,
I started the I Am Project.
In that pass, you reach almost
7,000 meters above sea level.
The guide was always asking
me, have you a headache?
And I said no.
And they said, because a Russian
guy was crossing and just died.